doc: How to tune LoRA lm_head (#305)
foundation-model-stack/fms-hf-tuning: README.md

}
```

> Notice the `target_modules` are the names of the modules to apply the adapter to. See below [section]() for how to specify `lm_head` as a target module.

Reviewer: `[section]()` is missing the section link

Reviewer: I also think the note on lm_head should be in the first bullet to show all the different options - specify your own modules, all-linear, and then note that specifying lm_head is a special case

You can specify attention or linear layers. With the CLI, you can specify layers with `--target_modules "q_proj" "v_proj" "k_proj" "o_proj"` or `--target_modules "all-linear"`.

#### Recommended target modules per model architecture 
As per [LoRA paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09685), section 4.2 , by using the query and value projection matrices, we can achieve reasonable quality with efficient GPU utilization. Hence, while thinking about what LoRA adapters to specify, we recommend starting with query and value matrices. You could also refer to the defaults specified by PEFT library for popular model architectures in section [TRANSFORMERS_MODELS_TO_LORA_TARGET_MODULES_MAPPING](https://github.com/huggingface/peft/blob/7b1c08d2b5e13d3c99b7d6ee83eab90e1216d4ba/src/peft/utils/constants.py#L70) as a good starting point.

> #### How to specify lm_head as a target module

Reviewer 2: could you add this to a collapse section https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/organizing-information-with-collapsed-sections 

as its advanced usage to use lm_head and wasnt supported by vLLM anyway for inference

Author: good idea! Will do

You can specify attention or linear layers. With the CLI, you can specify layers with `--target_modules "q_proj" "v_proj" "k_proj" "o_proj"` or `--target_modules "all-linear"`.

#### Recommended target modules per model architecture 
As per [LoRA paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09685), section 4.2 , by using the query and value projection matrices, we can achieve reasonable quality with efficient GPU utilization. Hence, while thinking about what LoRA adapters to specify, we recommend starting with query and value matrices. You could also refer to the defaults specified by PEFT library for popular model architectures in section [TRANSFORMERS_MODELS_TO_LORA_TARGET_MODULES_MAPPING](https://github.com/huggingface/peft/blob/7b1c08d2b5e13d3c99b7d6ee83eab90e1216d4ba/src/peft/utils/constants.py#L70) as a good starting point.

<details>

<summary>How to specify lm_head as a target module</summary>

> Since `lm_head` is an output layer, it will _not_ be included as target module if you specify `all-linear`. You can, however, specify to apply the LoRA adapter to `lm_head` layer by explicit naming it in the `target_modules` arg.

Reviewer: small fixes:
```suggestion
Since `lm_head` is an output layer, it will **not** be included as a target module if you specify `all-linear`. You can, however, specify to apply the LoRA adapter to the `lm_head` layer by explicitly naming it in the `target_modules` arg.
```

> *NB*: Specifying `["lm_head", "all-linear"]` will not produce `lm_head` layer, but only the equivalent of running with `["all-linear"]`. Explicitly specify the layers needed. Using the example of Llama model above, you would need to list `"q_proj" "v_proj" "k_proj" "o_proj" "lm_head"` and these 5 layers will be produced with applied LoRA adapter.

Reviewer: few nits
- I hadn't heard of NB and had to look it up to see what it meant 😅  might be easier for users to use something like "NOTE:"
- small rewording suggestion for clarity
```suggestion
**NOTE**: Specifying `["lm_head", "all-linear"]` will not tune the `lm_head` layer, but will run the equivalent of `["all-linear"]`. To include `lm_head`, you must explicitly specify all of the layers to tune on. Using the example of the Llama model above, you would need to list `"q_proj" "v_proj" "k_proj" "o_proj" "lm_head"` to tune the linear layers and `lm_head`. These 5 layers will be produced in the LoRA adapter.
```
